photochem_clima_data/data/CIA/README.md, before:

# CIA

Following are the origin of the CIA cross sections in this folder. Note one minor issue for H2-H2, H2-He, and N2-N2 cross sections. The cross sections only extend to 250 microns, but in reality HITRAN data says their is absorption beyond 250 microns. This is a minor problem for cold planets (< ~250 K) which emit a small amount of energy beyond 250 microns.

- **H2-H2**: From petitRADTRANS database \[1\]. See their Table 3. The cross sections are a compilation from many sources, including HITRAN \[2\].

- **H2-He**: From petitRADTRANS database \[1\]. See their Table 3. The cross sections are a compilation from many sources, including HITRAN \[2\].

- **N2-N2**: From petitRADTRANS database \[1\]. From HITRAN \[2\], but there are possibly other sources because the data do not perfectly match HITRAN.

- **CH4-CH4**: Directly from HITRAN \[2\]. Data came in regular grid.
  
- **N2-O2**: Directly from HITRAN \[2\]. Interpolated to regular grid in complicated way.
  
- **O2-O2**: Directly from HITRAN \[2\]. Interpolated to regular grid in complicated way.
  
- **H2-CH4**: Directly from HITRAN \[2\]. Data came in regular grid.

- **CO2-CO2**: Directly from HITRAN \[2\]. Interpolated to regular grid in complicated way.
  
- **CO2-CH4**: Directly from HITRAN \[2\]. Data came in regular grid.
  
- **CO2-H2**: Directly from HITRAN \[2\]. Data came in regular grid.
  
- **N2-H2**: Directly from HITRAN \[2\]. Interpolated to regular grid in simple way.

- **H2O-H2O**: CIA formulation of the MT_CKD v3.5 H2O continuum \[3\].
  
- **H2O-N2**: CIA formulation of the MT_CKD v3.5 foreign continuum \[3\]. Assumes N2 is the foreign species.

## References
1. [https://doi.org/10.1051/0004-6361/201935470](https://doi.org/10.1051/0004-6361/201935470)
2. [https://hitran.org/cia/](https://hitran.org/cia/)
3. [https://hitran.org/mtckd/](https://hitran.org/mtckd/)

Commit message:

CIA update. CO2-CO2 for Venus

photochem_clima_data/data/CIA/README.md, after:

# CIA

Following are the origin of the CIA cross sections in this folder. Note one minor issue for H2-H2, H2-He, and N2-N2 cross sections. The cross sections only extend to 250 microns, but in reality HITRAN data says their is absorption beyond 250 microns. This is a minor problem for cold planets (< ~250 K) which emit a small amount of energy beyond 250 microns.

- **H2-H2**: From petitRADTRANS database \[1\]. See their Table 3. The cross sections are a compilation from many sources, including HITRAN \[2\].

- **H2-He**: From petitRADTRANS database \[1\]. See their Table 3. The cross sections are a compilation from many sources, including HITRAN \[2\].

- **N2-N2**: From petitRADTRANS database \[1\]. From HITRAN \[2\], but there are possibly other sources because the data do not perfectly match HITRAN.

- **CH4-CH4**: Directly from HITRAN \[2\]. Data came in regular grid.
  
- **N2-O2**: Directly from HITRAN \[2\]. Interpolated to regular grid in complicated way.
  
- **O2-O2**: Directly from HITRAN \[2\]. Interpolated to regular grid in complicated way.
  
- **H2-CH4**: Directly from HITRAN \[2\]. Data came in regular grid.

- **CO2-CO2**: A mixture of Robinson and Crisp (2018) \[3\] and Lee et al. (2016) \[4\]. The file's `notes` has detailed citations. The CIA has minor modifications in the NIR so that Venus net thermal fluxes are reproduced.
  
- **CO2-CH4**: Directly from HITRAN \[2\]. Data came in regular grid.
  
- **CO2-H2**: Directly from HITRAN \[2\]. Data came in regular grid.
  
- **N2-CH4**: Directly from HITRAN \[2\].
  
- **N2-H2**: Directly from HITRAN \[2\]. Interpolated to regular grid in simple way.

- **H2O-H2O**: CIA formulation of the MT_CKD v3.5 H2O continuum \[5\].
  
- **H2O-N2**: CIA formulation of the MT_CKD v3.5 foreign continuum \[5\]. Assumes N2 is the foreign species.

## References
1. [https://doi.org/10.1051/0004-6361/201935470](https://doi.org/10.1051/0004-6361/201935470)
2. [https://hitran.org/cia/](https://hitran.org/cia/)
3. [https://doi.org/10.1051/10.1016/j.jqsrt.2018.03.002](https://doi.org/10.1051/10.1016/j.jqsrt.2018.03.002)
4. [https://doi.org/10.1002/2016JE005087](https://doi.org/10.1002/2016JE005087)
5. [https://hitran.org/mtckd/](https://hitran.org/mtckd/)
